docs/19991-thousands-separator (#24085)
highcharts/highcharts: docs/chart-concepts/templating.md

**Variables** and properties are inserted directly inside the bracket, for example `"The point value at {point.x} is {point.y}"`. Nested properties are supported using the dot notation. Arrays are also indexed using dot notation, for example `{series.xAxis.categories.0}`, or more practical, with a subexpression `{series.xAxis.categories.(point.x)}`

> **Numbers** are formatted with a subset of float formatting conventions from the C library function `sprintf`. The formatting is appended inside the expression, separated from the value by a colon. Note that even though a dot and a comma symbolizes the decimal point and the thousands separator respectively, how it is actually rendered depends on the browser locale, therefore will be displayed differently in different regions. To ensure identical number formatting across users set the desired format in [language settings](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/lang). For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**Numbers** are formatted with a subset of float formatting conventions from the C library function `sprintf`. The formatting is appended inside the expression, separated from the value by a colon. Note that even though a dot and a comma symbolizes the decimal point and the thousands separator respectively, how it is actually rendered depends on the chart's [lang.locale](https://api.highcharts.com/highcharts/lang.locale) setting. The default for `lang.locale` is the browser's locate, but it can be overridden either with a HTML `lang` attritbute, or with an explicit setting . Examples:
```

Author: That's a very good feedback, thanks!

> *   Two decimal places:  `"{point.y:.2f}"` [[Demo](https://jsfiddle.net/gh/get/library/pure/highcharts/highcharts/tree/master/samples/highcharts/labels/two-decimal-places)]

Reviewer 2: Unnecessary space in the ```Two decimal places:  `"{point.y:.2f}"```.
